Upgrade documentation for nf-core 3.3.2 (#43)
scilus/nf-neuro-documentation: src/content/docs/contribute/create-your-subworkflow/5-metadata.mdx

---
title: Metadata documentation
description: Add documentation to your subworkflow's content.
---

Documentation for **nf-neuro** is autogenerated from the content of the **_main.nf_** file and a special metadata file
named **_meta.yml_**. This file is located in the root of your subworkflow, and **documents the inputs, outputs, parameters
and dependencies** of your subworkflow, as well as other useful fields.

**All of this content is extemely valuable ! We use it among others to generate the [nf-neuro API](/nf-neuro/api/categories) and
usage outputs for command line interfaces (CLI)**. All this really helps users and developers understand the purpose of
your subworkflow, its configuration and its behaviors.

### The `description` field

Each subworkflow requires a thourough description of it main purpose, its configuration and its behaviors. In addition,

> the description should contain a **consise explaination of the dataflow between the modules and other subworkflows used**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the description should contain a **concise explanation of the dataflow between the modules and other subworkflows used**.
```
